Latest update includes (list-run) of all decision choices at once
for performing one complete pass through a given single mission.

Added (run-all) to replay all prior tests.

Goal work is top-down depth first search (DFS) method for exercising all potential missions
  (run-all-paths) perhaps, ternary DFS

Eventual shorthand format possibilities:

SXF  ; serial ID label, unique path through mission, identical
1320 ; serial number,   unique path through mission, identical
132  ; serial number,   unique path through mission, no appended 0 terminal(s) are necessary

next:
SXX
1330
note that all branches are not possible due to mission sequencing

current list of lists:

    ((S F F) (S X F)) etc.

working our way towards all possible outcomes.

Can you read sequences of S F X from a file.

interesting discussion on pruned ternary tree, i.e. full (exhaustive) tree is
abridged by allowed mission paths.

further interesting to consider tree traversal when conditionally constrained looping
is occurring.  we likely need to count how many times we have visited a given node.
- this would be part of maintained state, i.e. both the visit count for a
  given goal and also (perhaps) the total number of goals traversed.
- if so, these are both candidate termination conditions for a given conditional branch.

14 April 2020.
Added agent that reads list of mission-execution outcomes to decide on next steps
when following mission ternary logic.  Next steps: add capability to run such
lists from a file, then generate all feasible mission-decision paths exhaustively
as a way to create full-coverage unit tests.

"After 25 years of effort we now understand that useful ethically constrained
missions can be defined and executed using only ternary propositional logic.
We believe that it is dangerous for robots to use predicate logic since that
allows reasoning about classes, which generally is not provable." - Bob McGhee

On 4/8/2020 9:19 AM, Robert McGhee wrote:
> Hi Don. The video is very impressive. you did a great job. one shortcoming,
> forgive me, but this is all in the realm of philosophy. I think the presentation
> could be improved by presenting a video of you doing what you did yesterday when
> we were on zoom. There is no need to say anything about Lisp or to show any code.
> just run the output. I think that demo Can result in an epiphany in the beholder. 
> The outcome should be, “my God, this is real!”I hope this fits in to and is the
> concluding part of a future presentation. Bob 

>> Don replied:
>> Agreed completely, this is why we are working on simulation.  The journey continues...